Oh everyone
first episode of big skates my name is
two miles also know about screen name of
dig of you on it don't ask anyway I've
made a few other big projects and if you
haven't seen them doing that and as you
should know I have worked quite hard and
alone to make these films and shots only
hope i get is some extra voices so i
hope you enjoyed the show because if you
don't i mean well i did this all alone
hello sighs I good day
you
this is one small setup for my one
largely for mankind dude you're on a
table sure how do you be happy right now
I'm sorry miss but that's how I'm
printed
you
yes smug bastard looking used to be
smiling ah I can't change my size
I told you I'd be back home sir pay
Jimmy I'll test the suit
Oh
I'll tell you man I hate funerals why do
I look like someone to be standing at a
few
Oh sunday Billy Sunday you keep thinking
it but we're not going to have fingers
and the girl finds the evil face my duty
just because I look bad well done
but I thought you was a good day oh my
god oh my god it did 50 cent up where
you going man okay you want to let you
know but Jack you like it down hey wait
a minute you know not 50 you just look
like it I'm leaving
oh god is everyone oh it's okay doctor I
think we're fine Brunner's refers to
recruiter for food yeah because our
bodies everything the street why do we
need you anyway
ah what was that poor job satisfaction
so I can fix you watch your brother you
still seem happy I got blocked any
difference
haha times a great yeah yeah yeahs my
buddy bin Laden Oh wrong country
oh stop stop wait wait wait I think I
think we jump it up I think I've got you
are you can take your arm and I suppose
I've got your fine chest too due to the
lack of cheap oil rig corporations can
no longer produce plastic to make new
sets or minifigures another I'm sorry
honey I know how much you want two kids